I can hear you I don't know if they're
trolling
you I can hear you I
don't know if they
're trolling you Hello hello I
can hear you I don't know if they're trolling you
Hello hello I can hear you I don't know if they're trolling you Hello hello I can hear you I don't know if they're trolling you
something else if
I press this
button maybe if I press this button you can hear it you can hear it better now
Okay And the echo Why is it
let me see the echo and the echo
because it is You hear me You have me
there
Let me notice
okay I
know what was happening man okay I think we're getting
clearer because I had it
open in a YouTube window
now tell me already what an intro eh today instead
of the music what a mess we
made eh Now it has to be
heard perfectly and you can hear
nordelto we don't pretend like
nothing happened no
good things always have a
certain resistance no no I
mean it was your fault what
cell phone do you have a Nokia or what  I didn't
broadcast the program, I mean, it was just a matter of
clicking the link and entering, I mean, you
did camera work on a microphone. And it was even clumsier than
most. I mean, it should have been easy.
Later, I heard when you
spoke with Raúl that it was easy, it was
simple, you entered and entered, but
yes. Look, I invite all the
collaborators that I invite, okay,
normally second- and third-class people
and different ages. I even pass them the link
and they enter, and now a vegan kid comes here
and he comes and he can't get in.
Yes, yes, no, no. Well, I don't know what happened, I'm delighted to have you
here. How
are you, Nordeltus? Thank you. I'm very
well. I'm fine, I'm happy. I
thank you for the opportunity to
have a conversation here,
and so, the truth is that I saw when you talked about,
well, my story about what
happened to me and what happened behind the
scenes, and the truth is that I liked your
attitude, I liked the way you see
things, your head, so that's why I
wrote to you. No, yes, I think I wrote to you that
I would like to. I was surprised because the
next day, like, filtering
Instagram a little, it's not that I'm very
active, I upload some of the same
ones.  we uploaded to Instagram and when I saw
nordelto it's followed I say damn look at it and I was
going to write to you and you had written to me I
say come on what a nice what a nice surprise
but can we call you nordelto or whatever
or how do we call you
nordelus okay okay no no I don't
dislike it think There was a long time that I
gave it a name or I gave the whole story
behind the internet like it reminded me
of like this Something that didn't make sense something
that didn't make sense But
today it's part of who I am and it's part of
what at the time was a weakness
like such a big trauma and today it's
a strength of mine So yes with
pride nordels
well It's like a nickname that comes from I don't
know if it's a town or a city where
you live no Well now you don't live there
now I found out that you live in
England no
yes yes no no no from your it's
from nordelta which was the private neighborhood
the one I lived with like this with my family and
like that to me like that as a child it occurred to me
that I said I want to be called nordelta
nordel tenius nordel tatus northeast But
I remember that many friends saw  El
Rubius if they told me the name El
Rubius that I also didn't watch YouTube and I did
n't know who El Rubius was but I
heard it I said Well if I'm going to make a
YouTube channel I'll name it Nordelta plus
El Rubius as if it were
someone's personification once
How did you know that let's see I'm talking about
Nordelta Yes because in fact I think it
explains it I think you had a rap you had a
rap that I was watching this afternoon I say
my goodness when I see when this kid
Thank goodness I can't put images
because I'll put it
right now but you had a rap where you
explained the subject but I hadn't thought it
was Nordels and it was because of El Rubius
it's very crazy yes it is very crazy after
taking into account the history and what
happened with El Rubius in Mexico but it
also seems important to me that my dad
my father distorted a little like the
reality of the child behind it not like I do
n't Look at me No I didn't watch YouTube
before my dad in good faith anyway eh
the truth is that my dad the YouTube thing
Beyond everything that traumatized me he did it in
good faith and there are a lot of
positive things that he left me
but yes my  Dad told me to go to
YouTube to start with YouTube and I didn't
see it, I didn't see any YouTuber type. I
remember that I had friends who watched
Fernanfloo, I had friends that I saw that on their
cell phones were watching Hello, I'm German,
but I never liked YouTube type, I
always gave it like Netflix. Give me
well-produced series and yes, I liked a
series produced with a cast with actors,
YouTube entertainment was
like old school, it never came to me until
well later when I entered YouTube
because my dad saw potential and in me
because I liked cinema,
movies and I liked editing.
That was like entering YouTube, I was
fascinated since I was little, you see editing
trailers in the Apple application. My
dad said, Hey, there's potential here and in
good faith, I repeat, you see. Well, I would grab
a tennis racket and buy 300
tennis balls so that you see, I could
become a great tennis player and my dad always
tried to find my passion, not in
life, like, like, he, his trauma is
that he had to study law and it was
something that I hate and something that he suffered And today
I remember I have  the memory of
not long ago hearing my dad
sleeping making nightmare type noises
and then I ask him hey
what are those noises and he says they're not
nightmares that I'm having like I have to
take an exam for law school I say oh
[ __ ] I say this seriously traumatizes him
Because well my handsome grandfather law
was interesting law is very
handsome
no but it wasn't what he was interested in
my dad I think at my age he wanted to
study marketing or be an actor or a
tennis player and my grandfather told him No in this
family you're either a doctor or a lawyer or a
notary and well what is it that you'd
like to highlight the most now that you're
coming back
because your name let's see I don't know if you know it
but it's back in people's mouths on
YouTube some media are even
reading this afternoon up to four
hours ago they were releasing news what is it that
you would like to
highlight as a presentation of the nordeltos
of now I mean Who is Noel you are now now he
's the child who was always
behind the camera the one who saw everything the one who
experienced everything the one who received the
hate in the face you saw that like that the one who wasn't the one
behind the content
behind the networks  social behind
the words of the attitudes of the
actions but if the one who had the face and
the one who gave the face to the
YouTube channel the body and now that child
call him Ari my name is Ari went from
having this very big trauma of being
hated by someone who was not
simply for that well I later in
my three post-traumatic that we will
talk about later I hated my face
because It was the only thing that had to do
with order you after everything else the
other day I opened a Twitter I did not open
a Twitter I opened the previous Twitter to
relaunch it and I saw the way in which
the tweets were written he said I said
This is like very embodied you see
corporal as I say this was written by my
dad pretending to be a 12
year old boy who also ran the
Twitter account as if he were a little boy
my dad is going to say that it was an
association I don't know if I completely
agree with this for me In part yes at times
but the strong ideas and the I would say that
this is the reason why Nordels became
famous the controversies the controversies
are Thanks to my dad who is also
happy  that and I don't blame him you see he
wanted to seek attention and he wanted
in order you to be the Villain of YouTube and he
achieved it and in that The truth is that I
admire him because he set a goal
and
the auronplay video has 50 million
views the language
my dad achieved it
the most viewed auronplay video talked about
you Hello, I'm German
Fernanfloo my father the truth is that
beyond the negative things that he left me
the consequences he beyond being a
very good father to me then he makes
a lot of [ __ ] idiots But he
proposed with nordeltus that I his son
have a passion and proposed that I get
interested in something and do
productive things instead of playing the
Play all day he's doing
interesting things well thanks to them you
see I had very crazy experiences in
my life that left me with traumas but they
also made me very strong and
gave me dimensions a broader head that I
will be eternally
grateful to my dad So when
people say no your dad deserves to go to
prison because it was abuse not for me I
simply always made it a place of
love and I will always be  very
grateful to him and on the other hand I know that
just like every human being he is going to screw
up and in some things he screwed up of course. Let's
see what you think is that he
did it although in a way or in some
wrong occasions but always with
good intention not with the intention of
harming you not
completely exact and a question did you
live the hate because of course you are
talking to me about a kid of 11 or 12 years old at
that time, I mean you are aware of what
people were saying about you not
only the youtubers that
youtubers I understand that they would see the criticism
No because if it was auronplay And
such But people's comments
I remember that I liked to read
people's comments, I remember
that I tried to go to videos of youtubers
wismichu the youtubers that didn't pay attention to me you
see that they don't pay attention to
nordeltus I wanted you see that wismichu really
liked you So my way of
approaching wismichu I wanted it to be like this
through the comments you sent him
a super chavo and michu
blame your father The child said  It's not the
father's fault, I don't know that I don't
know how much and he messed with your father, not
with you. Of course, but well, I remember
that I tried to see the youtubers that I
liked, wismichu, now no other one comes
to mind. I think there was also one
called eight, maybe eight or
something like that. You also sent him
El Rubius. El Rubius, no, I didn't pay attention to him
but I saw him in person but the truth
behind El Rubio is that my dad, in order to
tweet the story to make it more
dramatic, said that I was a fan, that
I loved El Rubius, that I named myself
after El Rubius and for Nordelta, I
the noise. The truth is that no, no, it wasn't, I didn't
watch El Rubius, no, just like I didn't watch
Germán's ones, just like I
didn't watch youtubers, the youtubers that I
only watched were
Road to show, there's Ai Casey,
wismichu, but I say there were, there was
also one called No virus, but
one that was dance, something like that. Another one,
no, no, no, no, it wasn't that one, it doesn't sound familiar to me. I don't
remember the name, but it was like that. There was
also Clash, Clash royale, and then I
did  videos also like later
a house moves I think there was one
called
Logan not that but I remember his name
was brother You were with him in
person
Logan I do
n't know I was with Logan with Logan okay
your father at least the purpose of going
viral I mean it's brutal that
auronplay makes a good video At that
time if you were a little bit people and
such things could fall it gets a lot of
attention But the most viewed
auronplay video that talks about you Hi, I'm
German that talks about you Fernanfloo who
even defended
you when you read the
negative comments once you were out
of the internet
what did you feel I mean you thought because you
thought it was a character that you
were playing and they hated the
character or you felt in danger on
the street for example
It's a very very good question because I
think it describes the trauma It's a very
good question and it makes me
realize things now like I told you on
the youtubers that I liked or on
YouTube in general I liked to go into
the videos to see if they commented
about nordels because my dad
somehow  way he instilled in me the desire to
have attention you know of of being
everywhere that everyone talks to me and
well I also wanted them to talk about me
like I said Well I liked them not that The
important thing didn't matter to me if they spoke
badly or well I mean the only thing that
mattered to me was that they talked because that was
my dad's goal you know to be a known
youtuber my dad had that goal eh to
be the most hated youtuber of all Yes I
had the hammer and he achieved it So I say I
would have done that no but there are things
that I admire a lot I mean I say that
my dad set a goal And you see he
understood the market he understood how
controversies work today that
content seems awful to me no I wouldn't have
seen it in order at least with my
head today but but yes to This goes
No that the hate comments never
affected me because in my subconscious I do
n't know if consciously but even though I
am a 12 year old boy I knew that in
order the way of speaking Hello guys
How is it going I mean the way of speaking was not
me and I knew it Beyond the glasses
of the cap  that my father to this day
thinks that that was what protected me from
having an identity crisis but what
protected me I don't have an
identity crisis was that seeing the videos
were written were like it was like I
was acting like something that I wasn't I
remember that same when I
wanted to give Nordels my side my my essence my dad
said no this is boring take it out because it
wasn't what fed up that my
dad has before Nordeltus my father like the
same he pushed me to start with
videos on YouTube everything but a year a
whole year in which I Ari made videos
about like this in order Delta with friends that
for me it's obvious if it's that good
three years ago I imagine not the ones from three
years ago this This last season that
you tried How to make blogs and such no no no
no
exclusive are videos from 2016 before
Nordels a year in which I published
videos very like I was a youtuber because
you see my dad instilled it in me and the truth is
that it was great and I loved it for a
year like that of making my content and I didn't get anything
200 subscribers that's
when little by little my dad saw that I wasn't
gaining traction, I wasn't gaining relevance and
he wanted to help me and little by little it started like what
was mine at a time when the
channel had also put my name
and it all ended my dad little by little told me he
put my glasses and a cap on me to
protect me also to protect me you see
that I don't have an identity crisis
to protect myself that he also knew that I
think he I don't know if consciously but
like he's a good father He said and I don't want
my son if he's going to act in
something now they hate him for what he is because
this is not him I mean he knew he was going to be a
character and I did too deep down
So the YouTube comments
never ever hurt me the only
physical comments hurt me because
that was the only thing they had order you know
me the face the face the body and I
remember that at the beginning when
Nordels started, well when an
order started I mean that no after that
period of a year in which there were no
views there were no visits it was
Justin without glasses without a cap blogging
for life my dad saw that there was
some other  comment that said
rich kid conceited enlarged who said it
simply because of the condition I say that I have
no I have no fault for the
social class to which I belonged but I
was a boy you see what merit I have what
fault
But well my dad saw That he said Che Here there is
a potential to exploit a
character and the truth is that he is a genius in
that he achieved it then Well he puts the
cap on me the glasses and little by little the
videos that were from that year not that they
had no relevance of mine began to stop
being mine and my dad said well say
this and my dad recorded me and said
well say it back say it being like that I
ended up being an actor and it is very
interesting No because I all this
time of course I feel that an actor is not
supposed to
tell me an actor Random but let's
look for an example of someone Antonio
Banderas one like that Antonio Banderas Antonio
Banderas in a movie that I did not see
but he acts as a crazy doctor who I think is like
that he performs surgeries and kills people the
comments towards the character Antonio
Banderas do not affect him in Antonio that
happened with well eye be careful eh Because
there are people who are very formed I
remember the series that is Oh how  It was this
series that became so popular
for 13 reasons why, maybe it was one of
13 chapters that was a film about a
girl who commits suicide because of bullying and
the bad guy, people would stop him on the street,
insult him, call him a rapist on
social media. Yes, yes, yes, yes, eh, be careful because
people often don't know how to differentiate
and they take the internet seriously then
it happened to me with Nordels, people didn't
understand that it was a character and that's
the problem because when people didn't
understand that it was a character there it comes
and I close your question I say I begin to
give a conclusion to your question when
people I play a character I understand
that it's not me they receive heil comments
saying no this kid is unbearable
but I said it's not me either but over
time it began to affect them that on the
street they think that I am that one that people
see me privately or the people who knew me
behind the cameras think that I was that one that
the youtubers who knew me on YouTube
space were afraid of me that later when I
met me they said you are a
normal kid calm down How nice to talk to
you that is what truly
traumatized and I don't know if my dad is to blame, I
really think it's a problem, I do
n't know, a problem, did you ever
experience an episode in
real life that was complicated or only on social media?
No, I never had an
episode of violence like that in real life, luckily they
never, ever wanted to hit me, even when they
met me in
real life. When you were most hated, it was the same, they
asked me for photos, they treated me well,
people like it, I mean, they can criticize you,
but then if they see you in real life it
's funny for them,
but that's where the trauma is when people,
when people close to me, think that
I was that, and I remember them.
Adults Javi, adults in their 50s would approach me and
say, Hey, I want to
do business with you. I mean, I don't think this thing you do with ordertus is what ended up traumatizing me because I say, I knew it wasn't that one. But when people start telling you that you are something and you start to think that you are. Then the trauma in two at the end of 2017 at the
end of the first year of nordeltus
began to make me only start to
care about how I appear in
videos physically, yes  my face came out pretty yes
my body yes it didn't come out very fat very
skinny That was the only thing that mattered to me
because I say later about the character
about the personality I don't have a
word Of course it's not bad because my
dad was right I say my words
nobody cared I mean but a
normal little thing I mean it was you understand me
then
now they take care of your mind a lot no now you
are like always these days that I
was talking to you you always
talk to me about therapy I mean you are taking care of
the body and the mind now a lot no
for me a working mind is also a
worked body and I'm going to the
gym and it's like for me it's all one you
know when sometimes I feel like I'm
overthinking I go to the gym and I
feel calmer It allows me to release
a little dopamine oxytocin endorphins
all that [ __ ] and it balances me a
little later I also go to therapy I
started doing psychoanalysis two
years ago it also helps a lot to organize myself in order to
tidy myself And that's very good but that's why
to close your point it is
the trauma in order you if what
affected me at nordeltus and it was the hate in
some way indirectly not the  hate
towards nordeltus but that the people
haitiating think that I was in order your that
that was the grace of the character
just as tacitly as the grace of the
character I think that my dad and I
knew well that it was that people
believed it And that was what sold Because if
you told people in a video not
at the time Che this is a character
guys from now on know it and there is no
reason the controversies of course then
This was the prestige you saw like the
movie Cristofer that was the
prestige that was the joke that was like
the secret nobody Well in reality the
blond and these people you didn't give a
[ __ ] about your father your father managed to
sneak you into the hotels he's strong no but I
mean your father has a lot of power or what
because he managed to sneak you into the
hotels where
the most famous youtubers were where
all the fans were around the hotel and it
was all there at the buffet with manger
bothering him Not that
and Ángel
what the [ __ ] and the truth is that it worries me
a little because I said it
was the first let's see if it would happen to me
If I were mangel I understand that a
kid from  12
years ago that I mean no Of course It's the first time I've seen this scene in my life a scene so so you saw that with which I was so related it was like the first time I saw it even though I saw it 200 times in the videos at the time
but like after the trauma three
years I didn't touch a camera no I didn't see the
social networks the other day I saw it
and I have this realization that it was
a 12 year old boy being asked questions by
a twelve year old boy and also I was
telling him how
Alexis's camera received you in Mexico you see But you can have
a position that wasn't that of a 12
year old boy like and also with objectives that
weren't those of a two year old boy my dad
told me Hey there she is more than go
talk to her what do I know eh Take Peru out I mean so that
was like also the
uncomfortable factor you understand and the ancani
Bali from Norte del Tous and I would summarize it like this
because the controversy because the hate is
a kid at the end of the day of twelve years
put in the position of an adult you see
and being with adults to me the truth  that I did
n't like you see I wanted to play with
other kids but I was in places on
YouTube space at the Media Fest club with
20 year old adults and I was 12 and I
felt very alone because I
couldn't relate well to
them either So that was noticeable on
camera for example there
were luzugames I remember that there was a very
good vibe with me the truth is that I
remember that it was very nice but then in
the video you see it and you realize that it was
uncomfortable because
I put myself in their shoes and for
me some of them went too far with you
independently now of course what we're
going to talk about now of course there were
some that were agreed upon But there were
some who kind of stopped by to see
I understand that it was fashionable not to make
videos criticizing the deltos But at the
end of the day he's a child I don't know if it's
maybe me as a father or the age that
I have which maybe was closer to
the age of your father to yours not for me
a two year old comes to
bother me because I'm a youtuber and comes
and records me even if I say [ __ ] what a
cloth I would [ __ ]  in the father no I would
say the [ __ ] father the child Where is he you
know But I listen to you well and
there were some who were rude to you I do not
agree no the truth is that it is
difficult for me to understand because that is why
to close the point of the use is that
there were many youtubers who understood that
not only a 12 year old boy but
then of course being in a position
of not being a 12 year old boy on YouTube
with also so much attraction and so much
relevance and so much exposure later it
was like the conversations were
very uncomfortable but I was a 12
year old boy trying to talk to youtubers
that this is the factor and now I just
realized it is like being in therapy
here This is the factor why I
also realize why it was so
uncomfortable that I am going to talk about Tous it was
people I did not know that I was
interviewing capturing
the use I did not know him I remember that
later I liked the content of the use
When I met him after meeting him in
person I remember that Fernanfloo at
the media Fest club I did not know him I
had only heard about him from some
friends but he was very crazy that that is the
main topic of honor  del Tous was a
12 year old boy who wasn't interested in
youtubers who was putting him in
places and you see so my objective was to
talk to youtubers but I
wasn't even a fan of them nor did you like them or
anything or rather it's clear that no no I didn't
like them I wasn't interested So I was
like I asked him things that
interested me you see I said to mangel
Hey what a good camera that
blogger camera Alexis I liked it
but of course I understood the problem
was that what a good moment this that it's also recorded because it is like that it was a realization you just told me at the beginning of the talk you told me my father wanted me to live my passion don't you think that We've reached a point Ari in which we realize that
your father wasn't looking for you to live your
passion but your father wanted you to
live his
Yes but I think that was a way of
expressing his love for me that he loves me
as a father the truth is that there are parents
of course they live in their children the dreams that they have
n't been able to live he does I still don't
feel that it's entirely his passion because
I was very passionate about  cameras
creativity already I liked to do
editing I liked to edit So my
dad combined maybe his frustrated dreams
you know of wanting to be famous with my dream
of simply editing videos I remember
that I liked to play soccer and I made
soccer videos like sidement so deep
down I feel that it was an
association but that it was broken because because I
mean it was very strong I mean maybe it
would have been in another area it
wasn't a problem but like it was
also a character and both
this identity Mister Hyde dresses as Hawk
and Bruce Banner this thing of being eaten by a
character the hate that the truth is that I
don't know no
for me it's that for me no no I think it
was only my dad putting me in a
position and me living my
dad's dream yes but also I in some way I
was seeing my dream at times
when I met Casey I
was a child I mean I was the happiest child
at that moment When I met him even though he did
n't pay much attention to me like he
told me Angela but I say Logan Paulo at the
time neither when I met Logan
Paul it wasn't yet Logan Paul the one we
know he was a youtuber that I knew
from a video with Casey
but that moment with Logan Paulo I see him
today and it's beautiful and it excites me because I
say at that moment Logan Paul did see the
child and also like I did know him
a little bit I asked Logan a question
related to what Logan Paul is I
said Sure you know Juanpa Zurita And
that's the success Why the video with
Logan Paul for me today I see it with
today's eyes and it excites me I say Hey
wanting a video because I really
liked Logan Paul I really liked
that friendship and I asked him questions with
substances Even though he was twelve years old and it's
a good interview for a
12 year old boy the other day on Twitter you shared
a 12 year old boy speaking in English
who is from Argentina and he says to Logan you are you are really
culminating I love what you do you
made this movie Airplane Mode I
want to see it he was asking questions to
the person because he admired him I liked him
Even though I didn't even know him much on the
other hand Fernanfloo who is also a great guy
the truth is that what he commented on his
streamer like that I really liked but
Fernanfloo El Rubius Hello, I'm German, I
remember that at Club media Fest this is how it is
Hello, I'm German and did you see  there was a whole
movement to meet him and we had all
night even to take a picture
no no I can't tell you that I didn't like them
but rather that I was neutral no no I didn't
consume them So I didn't know them
then I was with Fernán and my
head was Uy this person has
followers is famous I'm going to talk to him but
then I would talk to him about things that
interested me it was like Hi Fernan How are you doing che Do
n't you do it no Of course because when I was
little I was afraid of myself I was afraid it
wasn't something that bothered me that my
friends would tell me no you do it they
would tell me you do it Bots that you at that
time it was like very popular to say it
nowadays not so much but it was you do it
you have fake accounts to be famous
So I remember that I
told Fernanfloo no you do it
and listen to me and your time with Cabrera
that time of course Before talking about the
older Cabrera time I want to make it very
clear the times and the years because
in 2016 is when I uploaded my first video
to the Channel which was one day  in Ari's life it was
called someday in the future I will
publish it today I don't know if I have the
balls to publish it because very strong in
private it
was Hi guys I'm Ari But well one
day in the life This is to
publish it eh after this interview
no no no I'm not ready yet But
no that I see myself very strong also
psychologically because you also have to
understand you know that Ari
was not me either Because I was like
nordel tuss it's the culmination of a child
of a Yes but he was a child like very
conditioned by his environments, I mean like that he
had heavy environments, I mean I went to an
Ultra Orthodox Jewish school
with only men in also my
Ultra Orthodox Jewish mother and many
dogmatic issues of religion
had also affected me, I mean my way of being
not like he is a child but I see that
video and I saw it recently and I feel he is a
child without being able to be completely a typical child
a child with many worries I see it
because I remember I say I am the witness you see
I remember that time when I
published the video and simply like a
typical child with many worries in his
head like Hey I have to do this
zero not be you see I have  to do this I
have to do this so my parents will
love me
But then going on in 2016 he published that
video then a whole year
from January 2016 to January 2016
to December 2016 it was Ari's channel
called nordeltus but
nordels I think it was born when Well my
dad and he paid her I encabré to do
the video review of my dad
Alan cabré That was the first youtuber
who did a video review that went from
nordúce having 200 followers to four
thousand which is for me It was incredible Of course
yes like a lot like an outrage
So nothing
is that
and then Alan cabré also criticized me
Isaías pardo another youtuber Argentina
also you know who criticized me there were
three youtubers my dad paid him three
youtubers I think I say I don't want to
talk about my dad's name because I don't know
that I am my dad because I was not nordel
you yes yes there will be things that you don't even know no
obviously
with tweezers because the things that I talk about that
my dad did maybe questions from the
room in another live that he  you know you
saw that he should take charge but I
heard that I heard it but no I don't know if
he paid them Forget it no I don't want to say
words that make me feel bad then well
if my dad is seeing this that my dad
later at another time say it is his
issue and what he did but I know the
first three youtubers that my
dad contacted that is
confirmed I can say that he
contacted there are prepared they gave them
manipulated reviews you saw written how
cool they were Alan cabré Isaías pardo and
María Becerra who is very
famous today today she is a singer who has
nothing to do with it but it was YouTube at the
time he made the video like that saying no no he
is a boy from nordelta enlarged
wealthy but he is very crazy that was
like the Golden free look Sorry I was
thinking of another I was thinking of him in the
Demente no no no no Martín to Martín made
the biocriticism much later in 2018
you understand that the first video
reviews the first the Golden free
as I call it that one we are going to tell him
the big three was in 2000 in
November of  2016 maybe end of 2016
That's the big 3 that I do before
It's that I'm very gossipy you know the
amount
of money no no no it's that in the
beginning I don't know if it was money it
was like it was something in exchange maybe I don't know how to
ask him but I think maybe he did
some law work for him I don't
know I don't know personally maybe it wasn't some money I say I know maybe he sent him three lambs three lambs is a lot little not three lambs I mean from cattle you didn't get it I'm not saying they don't pay him money I mean maybe they pay him cows in bulls in
hams here in Spain for example there
was a trading something in exchange but
maybe with one and make him a
lawyer case then well He worked And
instead of earning money for his work
we did Nordels in that I don't know what it was
and I honestly would be lying to you
if I told you that it was and the money I
never knew the money issues
behind Nordels I never knew How much was
paid how much How much money Nordels earned
today I don't know if the channel had
income monetization I don't know and  I don't
care either So I don't know
My dad can answer those questions if he wants
but what was all this about well so
the three of them criticized me
Yes and that's when nords that's how the
three criticisms apart from being renegotiated were
all in the same week
first pardo second María Becerra
Third and the channel went from a thousand to four
thousand to ten thousand to twenty thousand to 50,000
Pumba from one by one I see it and I say I
see it now I say what a good
marketing strategy Yes
and very advanced for its time because
that is the only time it occurred to him I mean it
is a reality he was an anchorper in that
aspect of my dad but yes
and to be critical and to fight that
always existed but from the television of the
heart for example it is already fine it is
fine but
then that's why there is an order you gain
relevance and in Argentina Go back to
2016 the time of YouTube did not
even exist musical that later would return
to tiktok nothing existed and my dad manages
with a channel of a normal kid he
transforms it into a channel of an
abnormal kid that is not me that was a
character
and  50,000 followers at the time was a
lot. Yeah, I mean it was too much in 2016 and the
same in Argentina in a
Spanish-language country. I remember that at the time, so you
understand, when they invited me to the
Media Fest club, because I don't know this
today, I don't know if my dad also invited me to
go to the club. I don't know what my dad did to make
me fall into the Media Fest club, it clearly crashed
there
and nothing, you know, I didn't know anyone. I'm
telling you. I remember that it was also very
uncomfortable. I also want
people to understand that, it was also
uncomfortable for me, but you know, I fell into
the Fest club without knowing anyone,
all YouTubers, I think there are like people
screaming by name and I
say, "See who is it?" Like I say, I remember
that in the media club, Juanpa Zurita was very
cool with me, you know because he saw a
kid, you know, he saw me. So I was in
the club walking like that, I say, "Hey kids, I don't
know," you know, he was really cool with me, like, it was, you
know, like he acted like an older brother
in the club with me and I wasn't
aware. You know, Juanpa Zurita had
five million followers, you know, he loved
social media and  I didn't know him at
all, at all, and I
remember that also when I was
recording a video with Juanpa for my
YouTube channel with the blogger camera,
what I said to him was, no, Juanpa, you do you. It
was the only thing that mattered, like you
understand, no, like my. Yes, yes, you
made repellent comments, it's
not like that's the problem. I didn't
do them, that's also what was funny, I didn't make them out of
spite, the comments were
simply, it was. It was my anguish, my
doubts, as an 11-year-old boy who wasn't
even 12 yet, an 11-year-old boy, I turned.
I turned on March 12, in 2017,
eventually 12, I was 11 and like
my little friends from the neighborhood would tell me,
you do Bots because I went from 200
followers to 50,000. I remember
going to the YouTubers and saying, Hey, you do you,
no, but I didn't know if I made them
wrong, but I did it as a
joke. No, you do you,
but it ended up being an
awkward situation.  because I'm with Juanpa Zurita
who is well known, I'm at an event that
's about these youtubers and I don't know
who he is, so later when I
record him it's like I
mistreat him because I talk to him like an
11 year old kid to another kid because I also don't
understand that he's someone important,
someone goes around, I don't know,
so well, I don't know how I fell into the Media Fest club,
but I remember that one
day my dad took me there and I stayed there and, I
mean, my dad was with me,
obviously supervising me and taking care of me,
but it's not that I don't know how my dad
contacted the Fest club, but wouldn't it
seem strange to me if the Me da
Fest club invited me because 50,000
followers was a lot at that time, no, but
for a MediaFén club, no,
but it was behind the scenes. I mean, it's not
that I was. It's that I think your
father is very well connected, he doesn't have
many contacts because it's
true that he got a lot of things, I mean, I do
n't know if maybe you're a
famous or well-known family there. no no no no no
no no no no no no I don't know how he
did it the truth because I mean today
the truth is that I think what
makes the most sense to me is that they invited Nordels
because he had 50,000 followers when at the
time Fernanfloo had ten
million so you understand but well
if you say no I don't know So how how
was it some That my dad is very
clear he must have sent an email to her
name was Ceci the coordinator of the
Mega Fest club
it's my theory I don't know what happened but I think he
must have sent it wrong and this Nordels told her
like he must have presented the
idea and said can she go cover the
behind the scenes I don't know I have no idea I
never knew and I don't know if I'll ever know and I'm
not interested but but yes no I don't
know how what's going on in the Fest club
and Well there I am in the club You make me
there I record Fernanfloo who was the only
person I knew a little I mean I didn't
know him no I didn't watch his videos I
only saw that some friends watched
them
but since I didn't have a Play I didn't
like the Gameplays either so that's why I
liked it  saimer because it was about soccer and I
liked soccer that's why I
liked it because it was about cameras and I
liked cameras so of
course there I remember that I arrived there was
Oriana Sabatini who nowadays you see
like all these characters that
now are something else not in his day was the
girlfriend Julián Serrano who didn't know who
Julián Serrano was either I didn't know
who he doesn't have either but you see she gets
there and it's like she sees me she said eh what do I know
I can appear on cameras like
cool and there it's like she appears and I
record there Adriana Sabatini who
today is Dybala's girlfriend then I continue
I'm trying to remember how that
club was not those papers arrive then there
was a mess ferro I want youtuber of his
time that also that I think I don't know
if he made videos with Julián Serrano no I don't
know I didn't watch them I would be lying yes I know
but I think that he was related a little
with them I remember that I greeted him a
little later I knew I don't know there were many
Spanish speaking youtubers
very well known at the time and very well
known today but that I didn't
know them and I didn't know either  the cordo because if I did
n't know them I might not remember them
now sometimes Che Here it is I don't know this one
that is there now but
here there were a lot from Spain I think there
was Jordi Wild who was
Levi Rubius no no no no
that club at the Argentine party it
's not the Argentine party 2016 and the
figures were brothers Fernanfloo the
blond one wasn't there El Rubius I know in
Well now I'm doing the Salto chronological
2017 in Mexico at the second Club media
Fest that I went to that's how we took the
plane we went to Mexico and there we
were like in the hotel with the youtubers
and the idea was to be behind the
scenes of that afest club but then I
wasn't there I don't know what happened but I
remember that my dad got really angry but
if not I couldn't be behind the
scenes and I also got really frustrated I
remember that I had started to cry
all because I wanted to record I wanted to
appear and no type of it seems that having
bothered Ángel and having bothered
alexby
and also having gone out there when the
blond one came out to see the audience
in everything that happened with El  Rubius what did
you see that it's like in the video he doesn't
ignore me and it's like no he didn't like me I don't
know what happened I don't know who
decided it But the idea I had gone with the
illusion that
I already knew a couple of youtubers because of course I thought that it had already happened So when I recorded with them and that was on a Friday and Saturday the next day at night they ended up telling my dad Che I can't enter the Backstage I remember that I started to cry at that moment
because it's like I lost a
project a dream that wasn't mine the
project I mean it wasn't a dream of mine it
wasn't a desire of mine to really be
there but well in my head it was what I
thought I wanted if I didn't have
an idea and they cut you off
with him some would protest then you could see
that also the people who were
out there waiting nobody knows you and
nobody came to see you and that you were
there like they had snuck you in to record
and they said but this no Of
course
the club media staff had
invited me I mean I was kind of in the
VIP place to record with them in the
Backstage and at the last minute they said  No no he can't
come if it was some
explanation and I remember that
day I kind of cried in the hotel and I was really
sad because I say I remember that I
had that illusion at 12 years old which
is not a healthy illusion, much less for a
two year old boy. I said How I would
like you see like my dream was Uy I
'm going to record with El Rubius and with Mangel
and with Werever tomorrow who were there you
see I already knew who they were that I didn't
admire them for their content for their
art for their YouTube because I didn't
consume it but I admire them but they have 13
million followers 20 million
followers And I said I appear with them I
record with them and I have more
followers That was what was operating in me
and when they canceled the Backstage I
remember that I cried a lot I was very distressed
also my dad was like
angry frustrated And seeing my dad
frustrated also frustrated me
what did you say why did he get mad at him
with them and such Yeah
yes he closed down angry he says I mean
yes I mean we went to Mexico to
really be behind the
scenes like  in Argentina and now at the last
moment they said Che can't be like this
for me it was because of this for me it was
because they let me loose in the hotel
and there I broke everyone's balls in the
hotel so they said No no, this kid, you're
not going to bring him backstage for me
and well I remember that that was an event
that my dad told me something that was very
important and this seems to me to be
a good message for everyone he said this
is a Stick or twist moment if you
now stay with this moment with
this frustration this Saturday not with this
already like this with you saw this pain of not being able to
go Backstage if you stay with this and
you stay now lying in bed no That's how it is
without doing anything you're going to have your whole
life This attitude and this character that if
things don't turn out the way they're supposed to
go I want to throw myself on the
bed crying but my dad told me if
you want to be a person like that Oh look
how relevant it is today not with
everything that happened my dad told me if you
want to be a person move forward
a person with resilience that
things don't end like this  den but
I find a way and their way
somehow
we're going to go to the club media festival But
like this the normal entrance and it's going to come out like
a boy plus a boy So for
me it was really boring but I do
n't care about seeing the youtubers that I don't
even see that I don't even
like I only cared about filming with
them in the Backstage because I knew that it
was
luxurious content or rather a very very strong content
to get views what matters to me
now are the views
And what happened Well I say it I want to go
hang on to their fame and not like that in the
end I'm going to go for like another year and
also if I'm not a fan I'm not interested in the
rice and well in the end
it's like having a psychoanalysis with you thank you thank you you
know that the strength that I found in that
moment that for me was a
terrible moment to think that a 12 year old kid
in the head a two year old who says I
want to record I want to have views I want to
be famous I want to be
someone and I thought that it was like that through
making this nefarious content that was
recording Rubio San Ángel that your
dream falls apart At the last minute and they tell you you ca
n't enter no  we love you that they
reject you that they tell you no to your face
we are not interested in you coming did they
make some explanation that day the
strength the strength that was created that
character that attitude of grabbing everything all
the bad everything everything is anguish all that
anger but I go anyway and I do what I'm
supposed to truly
do what my what I say Javier what
my super self what I truly
see when I calmly you saw because when I was hot everyone
saw if I'm angry I don't go if I'm
angry I scream I go to a scandal
if I'm sad if I'm depressed I
do nothing all day I lock myself in
bed for two weeks I say each one with their
story the same no but that never happened to me
Because that day I learned it
And that The truth is the greatest the greatest
lesson that my father left me I think it's
a highlight moment in my life and Father
Son my dad told me Stick or twist and
I said like this Luis you see I'm going I'm not going to
allow this situation to affect me and I brought
out the strength that the strength
was there that you are anguish those
cries that
desire So that hatred towards El
Rubius Well I was left traumatized with
El Rubius  because I said he's a son of a [ __ ] I
said he ignored me and I didn't care I didn't
care because he also
gave me visits that they ignored me then I said he does
n't let me go I don't even say It's
okay in any case that he tells me hey I don't
want you to sign what then he doesn't
let me go to the event that to
this day I don't know if it was the noise is what didn't let me
go some complained some
complained I don't know if it was El Rubius I don't know who it was I know Fernanfloo didn't go but Fernanfloo is like that with me he liked him I heard him but one complained a couple several one Now there's a little group and that's why they canceled on me But well in all that anguish in everything That hate in
all that feeling rejected feeling
unloved in all those
negative emotions you can tweet them you can
transform them and allow that instead of
destroying me they make me who I am And you
know Javi that moment is the one that
made the man that moment is
the one that I think made me a man the
man you're talking about today is
that moment that is after  that pattern that
repeated itself all my life I feel
bad I feel distressed I feel like I
failed well all this energy what do I
use it for I let it destroy me let it
consume me with it I consume it
transform it into oil to move
forward to
do things to keep acting and
continue and well at the time it was with
Nordeltus and well after that same thing that
allowed me to do more cool things with
Nordeltus and there was more controversy and the channel
in Mexico had 200 it was in the hotel
in Mexico that I turned 200,000 followers
and then the channel reached 600,000
then I also think that moment when
my dad did you see that
special moment with my dad when he gave me that
powerful message no that made me become the
man that I am today
after that also describes well how
Nordel you have 600,000
followers also well you see it's not
easy for a child not all the time is getting
hit and being rejected and
not being allowed in and being hated and
your own peers on YouTube
treat you badly many too but well
others  Obviously they didn't want me
and well I think the truth is that
thanks to my dad and obviously thanks to
me thanks to this kid who at that
moment said I have to listen to
my dad because I always did and
well that was a great lesson that
my dad learned and today
I thank him and I'm grateful that
later I can get over
post traumatic stress thanks to that to
saying I'll stay in this Or I transform it I
let it destroy me or I transform it I
let this trauma destroy me this
event that was a traumatic event for
me when they didn't let me into the
Backstage in Mexico
with the blond guy Yes everyone but what I
ended up understanding is
this event instead of destroying me is going to
transform me in reality not transform it is
only going to be who I am it is going to
create my character and that's why there is an
interview that I really liked I heard the
other day from Cold Frause the actor of Zack
and he was talking he said that we have to
stop seeing trauma as only Uy
no this traumatized kid and look how well he
continues to be very strong despite all the
negative things that happened everything that he
suffered College  frause says and you
saw me I say I
did it very intelligent people
scientists I imagine everything or rather but I
heard it and it's very crazy to me that someone
hears it from me it's not as
ridiculous as I heard it
but that he says
we have to start seeing
the pain and the I mean like the
strength comes from the pain comes from the
suffering comes from the trauma
trauma is a door it's a get away from
there to learn in there to grow In
there to form ourselves In there to carve ourselves To go
be the people that deep down we can be to be
ourselves like ourselves and
in the trauma you know Well we are all I
have the theory that everyone or rather
any human being is traumatized
because your father has a lot of attention little
attention or rather something the
world traumatized you the question is what do you do
with those traumas or rather as Victor Frankel would say
between the stimulus and the response there
is a space and in that space is the
decision that I add that in that
space is the emotion What
happened to me Javi
in ​​that space in Mexico at Club media
Fest that frustration that anger that pain
that was later reflected those same
emotions during my three traumatic
complex
in that space in that emotion I made the
decision to
channel them into something positive
channel them later in the
gym in reading in watching
documentaries in learning about psychology
About philosophy in going to the gym you see the
psychoanalysis right now what are you
doing You are working in England you
are studying I
am not on a gap year in which it was it was
incredible for me Because that's
how it has it is a program in which you
study I am studying So a little bit of
cinema I am studying a little bit of
psychology I like it a lot I mean I am a very
good student in that you also have
internships etcetera But the true
learning beyond I believe that the
true learning is not in the
film classes politics or
introduction to psychology or
language classes the true
learning is in that for the first time
like this I was with people my age and that
can be a teenager I have been
experiencing these last few months what it is like to
be a teenager
allow me to tell you Look
I agree with you that the
blows that life gives you no I mean
the bad moments are what make you
mature in the end
some of us do it later and others don't
sooner but you have to
bad things have to happen to you so that you know how to
react, they have to happen to you if
your whole life is cotton wool eh you never
get disappointed you don't know what
a bad friend is, a bad family member
that frustrates you, something at work, I mean
you don't learn and you don't learn how to
fix it So in the end
a series of things have to happen to you
that piss you off, that they have a bad time, that you have a crying night
so that you mature so if you
allow me to tell you, I think that you
have matured long before time
and I see that they protect your father a lot, I
mean you are looking more and with this I don't
want to say anything negative about him but I
am telling you what I am seeing okay
And now you tell me if you think the same, I
mean you are, you are seeing in this
talk more to take care of your father because
you are right now in a more
mature situation than the one in which he was
protecting you, I mean it seems that it seems
that your father at that moment did not have
the maturity and they are things with good
intentions no you at least
transmit it like that but he did not protect you
the same as you are protecting him  to him
tonight it doesn't seem to you it
's a very interesting point it
's what I see right now talking
to you eh I don't know what you think
no I don't know because I feel that he wanted to
protect me in his own way, I mean when he
put the glasses and the cap on me he thought he
was already protecting me and that I was
never going to be confused with the
character and he didn't take into account also
all the damage to the psyche Or you
saw the subconscious of all the
things of course without bad intention
but
we are talking about that without without getting
into something unfortunate that seems shameless to you
no but you are a
wealthy family no I mean it is well known
that I am it is spoken privileged
At what level are we talking about no no no no
I would like to clarify that anyway eh my
dad exaggerated that part of wealth I mean we
were a privileged family with
good economic resources I mean we
continue doing it
in the sense that you saw that we were not
upper middle class I suppose but we were not
millionaires we were not people a family I do
n't know the no we were not I don't know the
Kardashians
without being nosy  you need to work Yes yes I mean no it's not
that yes That's why my dad
earned his money as a lawyer
Yes yes we were a working class
but with good resources and living in
a nice neighborhood But my dad exploited
all the negative characteristics of the
neighborhood and the negative connotations
Because many millionaires lived in
that neighborhood but no that was not the case with my
family we were not millionaires so what
I was getting at with the question is Well of
course you're talking to me and I don't want to
tell you the opposite not that your father
Although he made mistakes he did it without bad
intention it could be that he was capricious
and it was A whim nord for him I do
n't know why at the time I
enjoyed it in order your at the time
later when I relived it I realized
that I didn't like it at all people that I
told him and that's why in the first video
when I returned to YouTube I said the biggest
problem is the lack of communication No
because
I never told him you know I don't like doing
this I don't enjoy it I would like to make
another type of content if you want to do
nordeltus do it we grab a boy who
looks like me a little and put glasses on
and cap and the same thing, I mean, I never
told him he enjoyed it more, Nordel, you are more than you. I
'm sure of that, but the
moment you tell him and he
realizes it, he doesn't insist either. We
had a conversation not long ago
in private obviously and he understood it
anyway, uh, he understood and it moved me a lot
because I thought I would never be able to
communicate it to him, I thought he would never be able to
understand
and he understood, he understood, he said to me, well, I do
n't know if he
apologized but I felt like he
apologized because he listened to me, he understood me, he
also gave me his point of view, he said,
no, look, you were like that, a chubby little idiot,
a little bit, yes, no, he
told me, you were like that, a little kid who didn't
do anything, who was lying around all day, I don't know,
eating,
raised by your mother, he does
n't dress either. My parents are
divorced and my dad resents my mother,
so he speaks badly of my mother,
my mother also dresses like my dad,
my mother is also a character, a
person with many positive qualities
and then negative qualities, can I
ask you how had a very good relationship
with the two of you  like
a good relationship you see them often you
talk to them often and so on I don't
talk to them very often and
conversations
of quality and quantity you see like
with
Quality as well as quality the truth is that I
talk to my mother and I get emotional and I talk
to my father I also leave emotional and
like in the sense that I say how
nice these mature conversations were I
wasn't an only child No no I don't have two
younger sisters you do have sisters yes it's
true and well with them not with all no Yes yes well I mean
the family itself
is not bad because I mean
my sisters got divorced etcetera I don't
want to get into that subject because
[Applause]
but I in particular I that's why when I
say My father is an excellent father I don't
know if I exaggerate because of course I mean he
left me with traumas
but he also helped me get out of those
traumas as I tell you the anecdote in
Mexico he gave me later the
tools so that those traumas come out let's
see and that is what I really
think an excellent father does I mean let's see let's
see everything without causing trouble eh
without causing trouble
you leave Nordels
and you find yourself
so your father
becomes the youtuber he
killed me that annihilated me that at the
time I suffered a lot because I felt that
that I felt that that also traumatized me I
mean because I understood that
complex post traumatic stress is a
lifetime thing it wasn't only by order
for things related to religion
things related to a lifetime
But that made me really bad because my dad
himself stopped me to hurry me up and to get back
on social media he said Okay come
on if not I'll hire another guy here in
order I said at the end of the day no I didn't
bring anything [ __ ] new to the table I
mean no I don't have any value I'm
just a [ __ ] face that appears on
camera says the things that she's supposed to
say that
any other guy could have done Because just as my
dad made me famous he could have made
any other person famous I
thought and so did he Now he became
famous and he also made
other people famous so I said I have no
value I have no value I'm
a [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] and that's also where the
plot began No like I say I'm a piece of
[ __ ] I'm a piece of face that I
say like he saw my face and I say
This shitty face could be
anyone you know So me too, I mean I say it
could have been anyone
not from the tusi I felt like anger and
a good frustration what I say And how
long so much energy nordeltus what I
say now my dad tells me that he's going to
look for another boy to do the same thing he can still You did
n't see because he didn't like him that's
how I also understand my
dad's anguish he says Well he had dedicated
a lot of time to nordels And now I stopped
wanting to appear on camera because I
was traumatized but well at the time
I didn't even know that I was traumatized but
you know what I'm getting at, it's not like that
made me very bad to say Hey I have
no value as a person I mean it could
be anyone who has acted that today
I think that not anyone could have been
honor of the tus Ah It seems to me that that
anguish That is anguish that I had at the
time not of feeling that I am a piece
of [ __ ] that anyone could have
done what I did
seems to me that a certain charisma a certain
type good acting skills seriously
like I mean I was truly
acting and beyond acting of having
played a character that I do believe in
that was an association the truth is I think I
was able to interpret the
character Nordels very well because at
least 50 million people
believed it if we take the video of Raúl
but the internet believed it so I
tell the truth that I have a good power
with words or rather I say it's not that
anyone could have been honor
of tus but it killed me to think that
my dad told me Well I'm going to look for
another boy to play Vos mismo I
remember that Martín Pérez Emiliano came who
is a tiktoker and like one time my
dad told him Chema put on your glasses and
cap in order I don't know how he did it he became a
casting to replace replace
no no no no no he
comes to interview for his podcast
talking about funny things and in one of
those funny things he put on the hats
hats or glasses
And you see that event didn't affect me but the
message that I take away is anyone could have
done what you did you have
no value no you are nobody you're a
fat idiot Like my dad told me
before starting
with YouTube so I say if I'm not in
order you if not  I'm a baby for everything if everyone does
n't hate me Then I'm
nobody and no I have no value
So my only value is in being
rejected in being hated So I
rejected myself I had rejected myself for a very long
period of time and that's why I couldn't
see myself in the mirror that's why I couldn't see myself
on camera that's why I deleted all the
YouTube videos that I didn't delete because
deep down I knew that deleting it is like very
determined I mean it's something that you can't go
back I privatized them and that's why
today I republished them now that I
'm well worked mentally that I
know very well conscientiously that it's a hundred
times I mean I don't know it's not quantifiable it's
better instead of repressing try to
eliminate try to hide the past
integrate it
make it part of who you are you dress it's
like Game of Thrones there's a
phrase that says you're a Lannister or
something like that and you say you're a bastard no he says no I'm not
that he
says No no that you're
ashamed of
use it use it as a weapon I mean
because if that thing that you should be
ashamed of that is  bad in my case North
of yours doesn't bother you Yes yes I'm in
order your then nobody can
hurt you because the thing that
should bother you the most you don't have a stigma you don't have it you don't
hide it but you
integrated it you managed to keep the
good and discard the bad
So I think that's why
many comments also said Hey I think you
should return to YouTube now with
your real name Or at least say your
name I say Gary as the
artistic name within what is the entire
brand of nordeltus because the truth Javi
that
no no no no I wouldn't think it would be good to
give my real name right true that
people should know people can
comment at some point I would
give myself an artistic name
but it is this this this this is my artistic name
and I think that And this is I think something very
powerful with which we had started
So this talk that I thank you for the
talk
of psychoanalysis
no no because it is all factual events that
happened with my interpretation but I
mean I do
n't know the truth that I don't know and I don't know
also if I could have the capacity to
understand those feelings or rather
understand that I don't know capable yes capable then he
is finding out But I already  I
told him that he had done me wrong order
your then
no I don't think he's finding out anything
new the truth But he did you wrong Nordels
and the other day I
also heard you that you were the other
day in a talk that I was
watching this afternoon I also heard you the harm that he did to you I no longer hold back how does your father become a youtuber also that he is also a very controversial youtuber, I mean for me the content is content to see so that people understand me he does like here in Spain we have put papi but in
person because the interviews and the
podcast in person and then
the atmosphere gets heated and goes further It's pornography
not what your father does is pornography
Yes yes they do it it's what he does and the
problem is that you lived with him when
he did it when I told that story the
same I mean I told practically what I
lived or I say within my
subjectivity it is true what I lived everything I
told is not a lie but I told it
half badly in the sense that I did not tell
why I was in that situation is me with
my mom I had fought over religion
for all this and a no of those  days my
mom got
so mad at me she took away all
my clothes all my things like my
guitar she threw everything over my head
for
religious reasons Yeah yeah because I
wasn't into religion I mean
Hey Me too Having lived in Nordels
just now and at 15 I was already
questioning religion which maybe was
average but I said I don't want to see you
fulfill rituals that I don't feel like praying
when I don't feel it when it doesn't cause me
anything I say Why do I have to live a
life that is not mine like it happened to me with
Ordels then I also had that fight
with my mom not to be able to live a life
that is genuine and
related to my essence of the things that
I like like right now having
the talk with Javi Not because
my dad tells me or my friends but Not
because visitors tell me
simply but I'm a space that I'm
enjoying because I want to So
nothing I got into a fight with my mom who already
fought with me because well like that you already kind of
came like that like
throwing a couple of sticks at her saying no
because God doesn't matter religion
and she threw all my things at me you know my
guitar she left everything outside  he told me
No here what do I know you're leaving my house
so I had to go move in with my
dad who before my dad lived in the
really big house in which we lived in
Nordelta but he moved to a small
building complex in Nordelta because
I didn't want to see my dad because I
was traumatized and even because of
his parents' divorce it was very bad and
traumatizing for myself because of
my parents' divorce coach of
Tous between religion between my dad I
also with the head of a
religious boy that also my dad who
started to make pornographic content you
were religious but out of habit no I mean the
typical one that when you are little Well
if your family has a
much stronger environment than I think it seems
in Christianity because in Judaism you
have to
take care of the Sabbath day it is 25 hours in which you
do not use
event technologies I mean I never
went out to party supposedly I never went to
clubs because of religion because you
also see Judaism is like a very important
issue I believe in Christianity too
but you see sexuality like my
mother on the one hand I feel that no  He
wanted me to go out to clubs to dance
so I wouldn't be with girls and stuff and
also like it was on Saturdays
Friday nights which is when
the Sabbath day begins I couldn't
go either
because you can't use a car you can't you can't
do anything it's like a day
off and it
is a day off and well and on the other
hand my dad also didn't want me to go
to parties too much so that a
boy wouldn't hit me you know my dad was
like out of fear he didn't want me to be born in a club I ended up having a bad time so this is where all this was going well that's why I ended the situation at your house while your father was making the podcasts of course I ended up living with my dad at the time when he started doing porn
because I was fighting with my mom and
I easily just don't
fight I mean first we're
talking about the fact that we can't deny that
Nordelto causes a rift between father
and son for at least a while no yeah yeah
okay And it goes from being with your mother
religion the whole thing of living with
my mother for a long time without seeing my father
to getting fed up with my mother fed up with all that
extreme Polo what my father is and  I
wanted to say I don't want to look for oxygen
I want to be able to be I want to be able to not
comply with the religion
and your father doing pornography
that was like that in reality like my dad
like
Hello hello we
hear you I hope
the writer of this story is listening to you not even in the
pharmacy on duty eh of course like my dad I'll
tell you how my dad
when my parents got divorced I was
very hurt with him because he was also
hurt by Nordel your states hurt by
many things but the divorce was terrible
when they got divorced I let him talk to
my dad for a few months there was a breakup he
stopped having a relationship that was
also very strong Well we were
always very close Father Son and have
a very very strong relationship no and very very
solid and stop talking to him I
remember that also when the
negotiation was going on my parents would tell him don't get
divorced you're like my best friend but
I didn't have friends either when I was in order
your why no I didn't have peers not in
school when I went to school I did have
friends but I
always had anxieties that I couldn't
see that for me a friend
is truly a person with whom you
are on a certain same page of
conscience and you can  share anxieties
issues that did
n't happen to me at school that with my
friends
understanding life in a similar way I would
tell him to understand it
well a way similar to me gives me a
point of view you see as new but that
is in a team wants similar things to
me for me I want similar things
for him for
and I no I didn't have true friends
during my adolescence As much as
many people who today became
my friends those who at the time
were not my friends but now they are because they
were there for me they listened to me but the
level of awareness and issues of
worries I was already worrying
about uche this video is trending
two I am competing against the Renzo
senatium which is trending one and I
got two million views and it
got five and then my friends
were I don't know worrying playing
FIFA so my friends from school
I always felt very alone but I say
no I can't share my issues with them
and my only friend was my dad because
youtubers weren't my
friends either so with my dad I could
share we would talk for hours and hours and
hours about YouTube and YouTube and
YouTube we would go running and we talked about
YouTube that's another detail part  of
type the physique that I started to get and it
's all thanks to my dad who told me
Go to the gym and he instilled in me that the
gym is like that disciplined back
not all this that your father also has
the diet this of why do you say that you have
stopped eating meat Four
years ago it seems like an outrage to me
Yes my dad my dad is vegan ten
twelve years ago I don't know and he does it to be more
handsome and younger I don't do it because
because no I don't think that's the case I
think that if you want to be more handsome and
younger we are all different that's why
we have different faces different
genetics different sizes colors it is I
think a genetic factor What
food are you in Vienna just as you saw
there are people who are lactose intolerant
because of where your
ancestors come from you saw So for a
genetic
issue I say Well if you really want to be young beautiful healthy Go do studies on me look Well I am 75% European Jewish so in these areas in these they tell me well listen skinny in Germany and in Poland and in France your ancestors in Ukraine in Russia in Syria ate this and this is the
food  that you should eat because it's what's
good for you To how
your body is adapted and you're technically well I think
that would be the way yes yes that's what I
say to get what my dad
wants because there are studies that you saw that
someone a diet for someone is a
diet completely different for a person
no I mean like the same I
think that
being vegan more than anything I see it no let's
see it's going to keep us young because let's
see I'm not a nutritionist but
precisely
by nature
being vegan I don't understand it as
something to keep you younger to
keep you in sports Yes and eat a
healthy diet but being vegan I
see it more for the love of animals I mean I've
always understood it I do but
my dad loves himself So he
did it for him
[Music]
the love of I don't know if love because it's not
love but it's more the same for me dogs
Well I have a dog everything and I remember when I was
little I loved dogs
But well right after when I started
posting my dog ​​on YouTube etcetera
like it started like it stopped being my
love for dogs it's like I said I
realized  that I don't know also maybe I wanted to
get a dog to escape from the
realities that I was seeing today I would
n't have a dog a pet I don't
like animals even my flatmails have
birds they have fish I don't like
animals like Oh as we see
animals no but I have a very
big respect at least towards consciousness I
say if this is a conscious being that
can be happy that can be sad that
can feel nervous that you can feel
that it needs containment acceptance that it
can feel desolate with hope if it
is an animal that has a
nervous system that can suffer that can have a
bad time for me it is a delayed gratification
much much more valuable not to eat them
than the instant gratification of Oh
what a delicious roast I ate how delicious how delicious I do
n't know pork How delicious that
is my philosophy I do not do it for the
healthy I do it more for something that to me I say
Well Ah but I took advantage I capitalized on the fact that
my dad was vegan for these reasons it
became easier for me because it is not easy to be
vegan but if you have a vegan father it is
easier than a mother that later if
you have to have
these last few weeks ago I was
trying to change my diet no  put
more vegetables more fruits and everything else start
training and the days that I don't eat
absolutely anything animal I feel
I imagine that I've never smoked no and you don't
know what it's like to feel the monkey no
but you feel weak you feel like you're
missing something
I'm not going to lie to you eh For me it would be
healthier to eat meat but I think that in
some way being vegan and being one
of the kids who are vegan is a
way that I know that it's a process and it's a
stage of my life in which I want to
communicate a message that is a grain
of sand But that's what life is about I mean
we are grains of sand in the
existence in the universe but we can
give it meaning and well I bring
awareness in some way expand that
awareness I give the message that Che now with
the technology that we have with the
resources that we have we can start
looking for alternatives that are it doesn't
have to be like Beyond Border or
Impossible Burger which are companies
about making meat with plants you know I
say because I'm
much more interested in the idea that my dad doesn't
like it because I don't know I don't know why my
dad doesn't like it but I would eat
synthetic meat with stem cells
but it would seem to me I would eat it
because I say if it is
the chemical weapon still that I think
is precisely the problem not of
today's food that everything has chemicals
that everything has it knows But I think that there
may be a way same I don't know you see
chat chipity you see
artificial intelligence I don't think that we are very far
from making something that is the same as meat
but without killing an animal that is my
goal to be able to eat meat that is not from that does
not come
that is of animal origin but that is like that so that we do not have to
create a [ __ ]
pig a [ __ ] cow with feelings with
conscience with a life with objectives
like us Live at its level but at
its level of intelligence you know that the
other one is from a very interesting documentary
on Netflix that said that humans
analyze the level of intelligence of
animals under human lenses and
a bat comes and analyzes humans
under the level of intelligence
bats are idiots we do not have
sonar so what I say is it
seems to me that out of respect for
life in general for a respect like that for
suffering and also for enjoyment
I no no no I cannot eat animals I say
after I have gone to  many barbecues and no, I didn't
eat the meat, you see, I stayed there
chatting, I ate the salads,
but after the interview with you, I'm
leaving, you know where I'm going.
Over time, I became more sensitive, but today, I see meat and I get a
little bit of drool, like, you
're talking to me right now and I'm
thinking, when I finish talking to
this guy, I'm going to order the cripy one, but
the one with Doritos, the one with the most
dirt possible.
In the end, he has a lot in common with
your father, too. No, because you have
also been more than Father Son, also very
good friends,
many good things.
That's right,
very good friends. Let's go back to the subject of
porn at home, friends, more than friends, I would
like to clarify, eh, at the time we were
very good friends. But today, more
than friends, he is a great mentor of mine in
the sense that he also paid for the
therapy that I needed, psychoanalysis,
he paid for my, I don't know, the things that I
needed from you. No, in the sense that he never,
never stopped caring, got
angry and distanced himself and he hasn't
said anything, [ __ ] him. I mean, no, he did
n't always care.  I myself
remember that of
course I didn't tell this in the interview
with all my mass it is something important
also to tell the good things that
as a mentor and as a good father he did
when he went to Colombia to record well
his things that he records Colombia Spain
Mexico
he lent me his car I had gotten the
license and he lent me his car that I
crashed a couple of times I tell you in the
sense that or rather he never got angry when
I also on some occasions he never got
angry of course he
told me It's not okay calm down like he
has those attitudes that for a moment
you say what's happening since I'm your son
don't call me fat idiot but
then he crashes the car and he says
calm down you're human like the truth is that
deep down he is a that's why when I
say he's an excellent father people
tell me no this this kid is bipolar do you
understand where I'm going Javi sometimes what
I mean
[Music]
how do I explain it to you I mean start recording
porn with your little son at home of
course Well because there there I didn't finish
telling that aspect of the story I
thank you for bringing me  there because I
went off on a tangent I got hung up
what happened was that of course I was
fighting with my mom my dad now gives me
his home that he had moved because
his children were not going to his
big house and he says Well I would rather be in a
big house I don't prefer the
minimalist one he says I see a
Nordelta building that I still have there all the
Nordelta islands to ride my bike
I like things but he says my value
makes me what I'm worth no it doesn't come
from a big house he says I can be the
podcast I can be my own
superhero the podcast he says like that living
in a little apartment you see in a two by
two
there I am mute that's why there to live
alone and I Well that's where I went when my mom
kicked me out I went to live with my dad and I
still wasn't doing porn little by little it happened
at the time I did
really interesting interviews for me with
Abilo eh who is a person who is a
scientist and a space object you know
how people are rigorous in English I tell you
Wow I mean but they were very
interesting interviews that I could have done
show Rogan and they are guests who went to
Joe Rogan But they had four thousand views
on YouTube and that's the biggest problem I
think
philosophically of the YouTuber, not like you
say I do what I'm passionate about, what
interests me but without any kind of views
and not for something economic but for something
emotional like the views
today I live When I see that my life in
which I say guys finally I can see
a camera I didn't win no no it was never for
a reason my return to
social networks it's not for any
economic value because I don't need it but
for an emotional value to say I want to
share a message and truly you
saw I think my dad also wanted to
share a message with his podcast at the
beginning that's why the podcast was called
he interviewed athletes celebrities
tennis players people that he was interested in
idols of his people that seemed very
cool actors but they didn't have views
So I think that is the biggest
problem and what I am going to have to
face now, having the balls to see
if I can handle it, to see if I start
making content that I like, let's see
what I do you saw that content that I
like has happened and nobody sees it but what I
felt is that now I am  making
content that I like because it
spreads a message of overcoming
resilience that no matter how traumatized you
are, cry, kick, go through bad times but with
all that it does something and you know that
deep down it can make you grow, it can
give you better
advice from
humility eh or I mean, I'm not the
blonde or anything and now we continue with
your father's thing, it's okay that you leave a message
but what I recommend is that it
doesn't always go in the direction of having had
traumas, I have had trauma but that you
express it at a moment at first make it
clear, make the
message clear and then the content because otherwise it
's also true that a lot of people
from the beginning it can become
heavy and that they see another intention that
maybe is not that of the content and I
am already Completely agree
anyway This is going to be all clipped no and
then you receive it in full and also and
also click
I would also like to know many clips from today
but I am Completely agree and that
is my objective I have
a phrase from Batman begins by
Christopherland in which he says Bruce
wine
x samples to Shake the Shake the
Office
people need dramatic examples
so that in order to move them from apathy
you see so that something moves them I feel
that The truth is that I did very well
I said not that I'm going to return to the
networks guys had a trauma but
I'm fine now I said I want to show the
message That's why I told about the condoms
that the condoms were thrown in the
thing that I told that the bed in which I
slept was all messed up because it
wasn't my bed either it was
my dad's bed that I went to live with my dad and there was
only one bed because he was my
dad
when when they recorded those types of
scenes let's see of course he
couldn't leave work what was
giving him money no So you're there and
what was he doing that he sent you down no
yes he told me no I mean he was to protect me
and obviously he wasn't going to allow me
while he recorded all that like that those
things with the girls and
then you told me no Go away the building
okay I'll tell you Well you can go back to your
way of protecting me but I also
felt like he was neglecting me in an
emotional sense I say man I don't have
a [ __ ] house like I am I'm fighting with
my mom at home
What he kicked you out of the house and while I
mean Go to the movies go drinking ride a
bike but he would
drag it out because things would get
heated what would he leave you with It
happened quite a few times I would stay
out for seven hours because he would get carried away with things
and I remember I would say to him Chepa you are there so I
can come back in and that's why
that oversight happened once And
that's what I said in the immaturity is
immaturity
I think That's why I
was telling you before the comparison
with you because I think he doesn't do it
with malice He
trusts you that nothing will happen to you and I
imagine it will be a safe place not like the
tat but of course It's not another person maybe he'll
take it and we'll
stay the weekend While
the child is I don't know where I can't
warm him up now I don't understand of course
you have children they are in front of the children that
anything or rather Even a heat
well I remember that my grandmother the mom and
dad would tell him that but the dad
he is with me Now well he is fighting
with the mom but we thought that I was
going to make up with my mom sooner and I
was a year without  talk to him, well these
are things that happen, it's normal, it's normal,
a lot of people fight with their parents, there was a
time with their mother, it was necessary for me to
get along today, I needed to
be the Duel, it
's like suddenly, well, it's not the
same type of content, but if I
see myself in your father's situation, in the end,
maybe I would have less hours to
dedicate to it, but I would have to do
String and all that stuff, of course, the problem
is that one thing is that I make gossip and
another thing is that I make porn, of course, if you're
in the living room making porn, well, there comes a
time when you've sent the kid to the movies
and the movie ends, and you try to turn
the thermometer up, so you can't see clearly, and
then you lose track of time a little, I
imagine, but of course, it's logical, it's
also logical, the criticisms are logical,
yes, Forgive me, I left, well, I want to see if, of
course, my cell phone was not charging,
Sorry
[Music]
what did you say, sorry, well, between the time I left, it was
coming to me that the criticisms at the end
that they've made this week, not
regarding this subject, that I don't know if you've noticed,
but there
were a lot of people because suddenly you
couple has made the podcast very famous and there
were a lot of people who knew Who he was
in the deltos who knows who the era was
and they didn't know that you were Father Son
right here in the many people who say don't
tell me he's the son of the podcast
Yes yes but that's why I'm going to say that the
criticisms are unfair no,
I'm not going to get into unfair and such but
logical, I mean when these
testimonies of yours came out no, well in the end the
criticisms are logical
yes I think the criticisms are logical
But that's why I mean it seems to me that maybe I
feel that the best thing would have been for
my dad to have recorded these things with
the girls in a hotel and I would have
returned home and when I came back after
eight hours at school tired and I
took school and I was having
such a bad time and I was all traumatized to
be able to go back to my little house and I don't know how to have
a tea play the Play So I could kind of
escape from my reality but I would come back and
face my reality after
being at school all traumatized I get
home
and I can't go up to the apartment because he
's recording with a girl or he's
having a relationship
my own subjectivity that I say
why didn't I do it in a hotel that he has
the argument I think I say that's why you
should talk to him it seems to me those
things too but well I
had only asked you one thing and
with that I leave you with your father because this
is his business
after you have had the trauma with
nordeltus
you face
or not
the criticism that your father receives
because from the perspective of a
son who goes on the internet or in the
media and they are criticizing your father it
can even hurt you the same
as when you fell Hey, no, I
would say that the jeito towards my father hurt me a lot more
than the jeito was ordered
Yes, I mean the most current because I think that
he or podcast yes in some way he is not
the father that I have but he is the person
that he is today he
in the podcasts is the hot one and
some I don't like and also the criticisms
that are made to him believed Che tank of
milk I say that hurts me a lot more and it
hurt me a lot more at the time that the
criticisms in order was not a
fictional character he can be
much less character than in order
your So yes his criticism
affected me more but that's why I think that
all this is as I was saying not to
move people from apathy to give a
dramatic example that I think I achieved I
achieved through confessions the
messages of power film some mirror
say guys I overcame three post traumatic
complex giving the names the things
that happened to me all these three years
exploiting it in two weeks a period that I
say worked because videos on tiktok
have two million views a million
views I spent on tiktok When I took over
the channel you had 60,000 70 thousand followers it
still has 160,000 I say in two
weeks I know that tiktok is easy to
grow but I say Auron Auro answered me
Auron himself talked about me in I mean he commented he
said Check Nordel you spoke to him a
kid
had an impact you understand he moved something he
moved something on the internet and today he sees the
comments and everyone understands the
story I think I did very
well being able to give a dramatic example of
showing what I am like in the sense
exaggeratedly my dream would be in the
future to be able to talk about the things that
interest me cinema soccer
psychology philosophy spirituality the
gym talking about it calmly you saw it
on a podcast but to have that
tranquility first you have to roar and
then talk about your guts and
naturally first you have to
show your teeth and say I come from
this This is me this is Nordels this is
what happened and this is my story I
feel that what has been happening for two weeks
on the internet was that
the story truly became known and you
know how hard it is for me Javi what to
see your video and say damn is
talking about what happened he's talking about
real things he's talking about My
story and I see you like this and on top of that I see it
under my own subjectivity and that Javi
comments on it also helps me but I say I
'm seeing another subjectivity and seeing it was
very hard for me that all my life
someone who was not and now they talk about What
really happened then I say I think
that I should not see the
videos I should see my old videos
but I think that I always
treated you like the child that I was Of
course look the best is another one that
of some of the kids who
criticized you no and there was a moment when
wismichu got into it with your father and
then I said something like the
father is being what
the child wants to do and the father is doing this not
with the intention of hurting him Although
maybe he's wrong and such And then
your father wrote to me
to talk to me and such and at
first and we were going to agree on a
talk like the one you and
I are having right now and then he let me out with
that he wanted me to fight you in
a debate And then I told him no, that I wasn't
going, that I wasn't going to fight
or rather, what would have been
missing was my history is having fought
with a 13 year old boy on live broadcast and
there what I did was a video
saying how your father because I already
spoke with Renzo I spoke with a few And
then there I made a video saying
that your father agreed with the criticism no
but it did
n't fly off my handle the other day when you
spoke to me it flew off my handle and all at once I said I'm
going to invite him  and the day that Auron
mentioned you now you have to
tell me a little bit as far as you can that you have
talked but you were really
out of your skin
I would like to clarify that because
thanks to your video I became aware and I
said Hey this can be misinterpreted
why because all that Euphoria all that
joy that seemed to come out of my
skin was not because of the mention of Auron
but it was that I said now because of the
mention of Auron that look truth
caused me a little smile because I tell the
truth that I admire Auronplay I admire
Raúl I spoke with Raúl and I said Hey what a good
guy what a good person I liked how he
thinks we talk like that as human beings
first and then we agreed to
possibly do something together for the
networks
But when I saw that now you mentioned me in
the live and I said I have an excuse now
to film all my happiness that I have
at the moment that happiness is not
because of Abraham it is all that I could
overcome
and I think I took this as an excuse the
mention of Auron that was nice you see
caused me So I said Hey How nice how
good that  the truth is that for me it
is also strong, not that I truly say Che
is a very good kid, I like the way he
thinks
But well, I think that I
recorded myself like that, it was all very
metaphorical, but I only understood it
when I heard what you said, that you
said, chea, you bastard, what is this crazy person going to say? Well, he
does seem like a kid who went
crazy because of an emotion. Of course, of course,
Suddenly, because yes, it is true that he was
super sincere, eh, when he says, good kid,
good kid, he didn't say it like the typical one where they
send you some bits and you say it like just to
comply, no, but it was obvious
that he said it. The truth is that I
heard it and I felt good. But I said they are
solid, true words,
like, he's going to back off. It's going to put him off
a little. Maybe it's going to scare him. No,
of course, and well, you made me
aware, that's why, Thank you. And that is what
I love and that is, I think, what
we lack as a society, in itself, no, that
is a very good characteristic that I
have, I am going to screw up, but then I am
going to listen to Javi and I am not going to say
no, Javi, no  you understand anything I because it was
super to my traumas you are one you are
someone who is disconnected from
reality wants to understand me you are a bad
person I say Hey Thanks Javi what
just gave me to make me realize that it
can be misinterpreted that all this
emotion is for a ten
second mention that I liked it
touched my heart But all that
Euphoria is to show that I am
beginning to have my projects my life to be able you
see that's why I made a video
on YouTube that I said I can have my
projects my life my dreams because of
course now communicate with Auron
through me you see without my dad
writing to him me writing it Auron who now
writes to me that is being able to do my
project being able to be autonomous being able to be
that word that I don't want to say again
because if not it seems like I am not
exactly authentic but it is the truth being
able to make authentic decisions
saying I'm going to screw up then I'm going to
film myself all excited and euphoric and it's going to
seem like only because
Auron mentioned me and not because
a victory of 18 [ __ ] years of life of
trauma of overcoming But well I
grabbed that  abron as an excuse to
say that for me it was also like the
cherry on the cake of everything that
happened and well I published it and there is
something very interesting that I found
incredible very metaphorical that was
Genuine when I saw the thing about auron like that
you see it was already a day that I was very
happy even on tiktok I was doing
very well that the visits I like
because today I don't want to hang
on the fame of Javi from auron I simply
say I like the visit I like the
exhibition the attention because I can
share a message that I seriously believe
has value so I
was already very happy like that with everything I
had been doing and when I saw the
mention of auron who was already like here at
2 in the morning I put on the music of the
Champions League anthem
to run through it
How not an Argentine putting football
in the middle
but wait but something more interesting is
that my dad this is very metaphorical and
symbolic when auron made the criticism
in 2018
he says in an interview that they
asked him a few years ago my dad says
no with ordeitus we celebrated the  Champions
when I open he made us the biocriticism and I
put the Champions League anthem because
this Yes, it was my real Champions League This
was my personal victory, not my
dad's no no, my dad's project it's my
project of I want to make a video and
collaborate with Raúl and talk about
interesting topics I don't know what Raúl has in mind
because he didn't give me a date either no, he didn't
tell me anything but
nothing in particular no no we didn't
talk about anything in particular I
told him that I would like to go to Spain because I
think that in person it has more
value But he said yes but no, he didn't
give me a specific date But
and the first one offered me the streaming
but I said I prefer to do it in
person and also I know you in person
which is something much more beautiful for me you
saw as a person than doing a Stream
with auron and that's it, I mean there is a
human warmth that is different from that of the
person
to me then it would make me excited because
for my life you also saw Beyond
YouTube but added to YouTube I say the
message is very powerful I feel like and
auron agrees and we talked about it
yeah
the greatest video of auronplay the [ __ ] is
that the biggest video of auronplay
an arc Yes yes like four years later
the reunion No yes like the
pizza lord What is that
the Pizza Lord doesn't strike me as funny
No I don't know to me it had seemed cute it is
like something houlson in English is
said something like natural to say how
time flies doing something that contributes to the lord
of YouTube and that seriously is something strong I mean it does
n't seem to me that it can be something
that I
mean I don't think about it now on the side
of the visits on the side of fame it doesn't
matter if the video because I was the
video criticism of me as a kid was the
most famous now maybe I get together with
auron and I don't care if it is the most
famous video and that it breaks all the networks if it
does great I say because of my history it
would be like very very restorative very healing
and type truly having already finished
closes
Exactly Exactly That
is for me it would mean closing
the cycle finally burying nordels for the last time
through Raúl who was the one who
made this this video criticism that
everyone says no because it is for the
Raul's biocriticism that Nordel But Raul
was not paid
no it was not paid and the truth is that as a
child I liked the videocriticism I found it
funny and to this day I see it when he
says [ __ ] as if he says that it
seems like a spell we
seemed aggressive to me at the time and I did not
like the same biocriticisms that I
hated and traumatized me were the ones in which I
appeared like this without glasses without glasses
But because you see I felt that it was an
attack already a personal attack the person
behind them I hated the same the
biocriticisms said in the videos that I was
smaller Che kind of chubby Che kind of
skinny you see because I also changed a
lot physically
but Auron's always made me
laugh and I always liked the truth that
Auron's biochemistry and something that I never
talked about and I say it today is that when I open he
publishes his video critique I later
wrote to Bruno I eh And that Ah he did really
nice of course I wrote to him and no because
my dad told me to write Lauron I don't know
how it happened but I never wrote to him I no  I
used Instagram but I grabbed Instagram it
came naturally to me and I said Hi Auron
Thanks for the video and now there he answered me
in my mind it was like a thank you to me I
liked the video it was like a compliment I say
Hey how good Auronplay the greatest the
greatest critic youtuber criticized
me I say it's like that according to my dad winning
the Champions League and now he answered me and the
truth is that it is very nice did you see where I
am he said Hi Nordeltus I hope the
video did not bother you it was with good
intentions he says if you do not like it let me know I sent
him other videos that said I do not
open I liked the video I am going to make a
video review answer If you can
advertise it for me and right now he
advertised it Like he said kid go to the radio
The video response is crap the
video response is crap everything
that was in order your But there are moments
of great value there is the moment of twist
in Mexico with El Rubius that later I
could not go to the Backstage But my dad
told me Hey these moments are what you
make or you destroy yourself there are other moments
in which in  nordels is all the hate
and biocriticism and with 50 million
views but now after me, a
12 year old boy, I write a message to auron and
now he answers me and I'm talking to
an
influential person, not in the Spanish speaking community on
the internet like Raúl, a
twelve year old boy talking like that, you
know, from heart to heart and nothing. It
seems to me that that would be completing the cycle
with respect to auron going to Spain to have
a laugh, talk a little
philosophically and I even don't know how to do a
couple of contents and already close everything that
was the trauma, close everything that happened
with the podcast, that's it now that after
whatever nordels is, it can be a brand that is
close. So you see that's what I say,
not before I had to play a
character, I was a product. Well now it
became my brand, it's my Brand and nothing. I
want to make content that I like,
that is with topics that interest me
and that is genuine because I say, hey, I
want to make content like we are
doing with Javi with Javi talking about
something that interests me, which at this
moment is talking about all the
controversies all the controversies My
story but once
a review handsome eh
very handsome very handsome as of today since
my story is is accentuated I say and I
think I already have the platform and that's why I
can resignify Javi that's why I
can resignify everything that happened with
ordetus and there in all that pain now
I find strength because I say
thanks to all the hate thanks to the
criticism video auronplay with 50
million views Thank you all
Now I have the opportunity The other
day I wrote to Andrés Navi who was a
YouTuber that I really liked when I was
little because he talked about movies, he went
comics with and Andrés Navi answered me Well of
course I have the verified I have 85,000
followers attract attention if you have he
answered me and says friend Andrés Navi
and we talk about movies now and
probably in the future we will collaborate I
also wrote like that to other YouTubers
to First Man an English YouTuber who
helped me a lot when I was bad
and Renzo
then I tell the truth that all this
ends up opening me up everything negative that
happened to me I could as it happened in Mexico in  2017
here I was that day I didn't give
up I didn't stop destroying myself now I said
don't let it destroy me This gave me
complex post-traumatic stress I had a
horrible time but now I'm finding
the benefits of having
channeled that energy into
healthy habits that's what I want to
share no What are my tips my
life tips that I think I have the
maturity I have the dimensions I have the
conscience to be an
interesting person to go to a podcast that is
like today you saw a person who can
bring something of value to the table that did
n't do before the two hours
flew by Chatting with you yes for me
but half an hour Yeah yes it was very fast It's
very good Well I think people have
been very entertained in the chat it's not there I haven't been
able to see much of the chat today
because as we are like this with the disc
which is not my thing But I hope you had a
good time man it has been a super
pleasure and tomorrow I will watch the chat
again because it has been very cool the pleasure
is mine Javi Well we are in contact
and waiting to see what
you come out of course this does not have to be
the first I mean if it is  the first
talk doesn't have to be the last and that's
why I love what I
'm now living thanks to seeing
everything that was Nordels redefined and
that it becomes mine I can have relationships
human ties I can make friends
make pairs in this which is that
age doesn't matter if I'm 18 if the other
is 12 If the 8 the other is 40
we're all in this life We're all
human and well in this case we're in
this YouTube thing and so the truth is that I
felt very comfortable with you I felt very and
well I feel very grateful that you
gave me the space and
psychoanalysis and here is your home thank you thank you
A hug people I don't know if we'll
see each other later at the canijo I don't know if I'll eat
a sandwich we'll come back and sing that
Kick now in a while I say on
Twitter Nordel you a pleasure to follow you a
great guy people see you